README Rework (#17)
LucidVR/opengloves-ui: README.md

# OpenGloves UI [![Steam Badge]][Steam] [![Discord Badge]][Discord]

*This repository is the user interface of the* ***[OpenGloves]*** *OpenVR driver.*

*While this* ***UI*** *is not required, it is strongly* <br>
*recommended for use with our driver.*

---

**⸢ [Installation] ⸥ ⸢ [Building] ⸥**

---

Written in **Svelte** & **Tauri**.

---

## Settings

This interface fetches the `default.vrsettings` <br>
and afterwards the **OpenVR** user configuration.

The default config is located relative to `src-tauri` <br>
at `../resources/settings/default.vrsettings`.

> The default configuration is for default settings only, <br>
> **OpenVR** driver will not check this file, instead they <br>
> search in the `steamvr.vrsettings` config.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default configuration is for retrieving settings keys only, <br>
The values for the keys are retrieved from the users `steamvr.vrsettings`
 <br>
```

# OpenGloves UI [![Steam Badge]][Steam] [![Discord Badge]][Discord]

> *This repository is the user interface of the* ***[OpenGloves]*** *OpenVR driver.*

Reviewer 2: Maybe also add a note at the end of this sentence like 

*This repository is the <ins>user interface</ins> of the* ***[OpenGloves]*** *OpenVR driver.* (And not the driver itself).

Along with the underline, this will help new people (who might not be here for source code) understand the purpose of this repo.

Author: Markdown doesn't provide underline syntax
as it's often hard to read, while I could use
the html tags, I will just try to adjust it in a 
different way instead.
